Short Description and logic used for the dynamic templates:

1. access.conf.j2: First, it is checking for the netgroups array parsed from the main.yml in tasks. If the variable is defined, then a 'for' loop is being used. For all the elements in the netroups, it is splitting the elements by ':' and storing it in a new list. After this, it is simply printing the group names which is stored in list[0].
2. ldap.conf.j2: All the server names in ldap_servers(in vars) is printed along with ldap_port and ldap_protocol.
3. netgroups_sudoers.j2: The default group is printed for all. Then it is checking for the 'netgroups' array parsed from the main.yml in tasks. If the variable is defined, then a 'for' loop is being used. For all the elements in the 'netroups', splitting the elements by ':' regex and storing it in a new array(list1). Now, the 'list1[0]' will contain the group name and 'list1[1]' will have all the permissions of that particular group. After that, the permissions will be stored in another variable named 'allpermissions'. Again, the string in the 'allpermission' is splitted into parts from regex ',' and storing the result in 'list2'. If the 'list2' contains 1 or more elements, then for all the elements in 'list2' the group name(which is stored in list1[0]) and corresponding permission is printed. 
4. server.j2: All the servers used in this template is being fetched from the 'raddb_servers' defined in vars. Conditional check is being done to template the secrets according to different accounts. **secret_keys are fetched from the secrets.yml in vars**
5. sssd.conf: 'ldap_bind_dn' and 'ldap_auth_token' is printed according to the conditional check for Account ID. 
